com/example/record/giphy/DownsizedStill.java
 com.example.record.giphy.DownsizedStill
com/example/record/giphy/Onsent.java
 com.example.record.giphy.Onsent
com/example/record/giphy/Original.java
 com.example.record.giphy.Original
com/example/client/GifClient.java
 com.example.client.GifClient
com/example/record/giphy/Gif.java
 com.example.record.giphy.Gif
com/example/record/giphy/Data.java
 com.example.record.giphy.Data
com/example/record/giphy/Analytics.java
 com.example.record.giphy.Analytics
com/example/record/giphy/FixedWidthSmall.java
 com.example.record.giphy.FixedWidthSmall
com/example/record/giphy/FixedHeightStill.java
 com.example.record.giphy.FixedHeightStill
com/example/controller/GifController.java
 com.example.controller.GifController
com/example/record/giphy/FixedWidthStill.java
 com.example.record.giphy.FixedWidthStill
com/example/record/giphy/Looping.java
 com.example.record.giphy.Looping
com/example/record/giphy/Onclick.java
 com.example.record.giphy.Onclick
com/example/record/giphy/FixedHeightSmall.java
 com.example.record.giphy.FixedHeightSmall
com/example/record/giphy/FixedHeightSmallStill.java
 com.example.record.giphy.FixedHeightSmallStill
com/example/record/giphy/Pagination.java
 com.example.record.giphy.Pagination
com/example/record/giphy/Onload.java
 com.example.record.giphy.Onload
com/example/record/giphy/PreviewGif.java
 com.example.record.giphy.PreviewGif
com/example/record/giphy/OriginalStill.java
 com.example.record.giphy.OriginalStill
com/example/Application.java
 com.example.Application
com/example/record/giphy/Images.java
 com.example.record.giphy.Images
com/example/client/CurrencyClient.java
 com.example.client.CurrencyClient
com/example/record/giphy/DownsizedMedium.java
 com.example.record.giphy.DownsizedMedium
com/example/record/giphy/Meta.java
 com.example.record.giphy.Meta
com/example/record/giphy/DownsizedSmall.java
 com.example.record.giphy.DownsizedSmall
com/example/record/giphy/DownsizedLarge.java
 com.example.record.giphy.DownsizedLarge
com/example/record/openexchangerates/Rate.java
 com.example.record.openexchangerates.Rate
com/example/record/giphy/FixedWidth.java
 com.example.record.giphy.FixedWidth
com/example/record/giphy/OriginalMp4.java
 com.example.record.giphy.OriginalMp4
com/example/record/giphy/PreviewWebp.java
 com.example.record.giphy.PreviewWebp
com/example/service/GifService.java
 com.example.service.GifService
com/example/record/giphy/User.java
 com.example.record.giphy.User
com/example/record/giphy/FixedWidthSmallStill.java
 com.example.record.giphy.FixedWidthSmallStill
com/example/service/CurrencyService.java
 com.example.service.CurrencyService
com/example/record/giphy/Downsized.java
 com.example.record.giphy.Downsized
com/example/record/giphy/FixedHeight.java
 com.example.record.giphy.FixedHeight
com/example/record/giphy/Preview.java
 com.example.record.giphy.Preview
com/example/record/giphy/FixedHeightDownsampled.java
 com.example.record.giphy.FixedHeightDownsampled
com/example/record/giphy/FixedWidthDownsampled.java
 com.example.record.giphy.FixedWidthDownsampled
com/example/handler/ExceptionHandlerAdvice.java
 com.example.handler.ExceptionHandlerAdvice
